
Alsharbaty, Firas, Saad Ayoob, и Mahmood Allawzi. 2020. COMPENSATION THE NOISY CHANNEL OF 802.16E SYSTEM IN DOWNLINK USING CoMP TECHNIQUE.
Anisimov, Alexey, Sergey Andreev, Alexandra Lokhanova, и Andrey Turlikov. б. д. «Energy Efﬁcient Operation of 3GPP LTE-Advanced and IEEE 802.16m Downlink Channel», 5.
Bhattacharyya, Budhaditya, и Inayat Singh. 2017. «Formulating an Optimization Problem by Balancing Tradeoff between Latency and Power Saving in LTE - A Network» 12 (18): 8.
Czachórski, Tadeusz, Erol Gelenbe, и Ricard Lent. 2014. Information Sciences and Systems 2014: Proceedings of the 29th International Symposium on Computer and Information Sciences.
Fowler, Scott, Ranjeet S. Bhamber, и Abdelhamid Mellouk. 2012. «Analysis of Adjustable and Fixed DRX Mechanism for Power Saving in LTE/LTE-Advanced». В 2012 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), 1964–69. Ottawa, ON, Canada: IEEE. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICC.2012.6363708.
Mushtaq, M. Sajid, Abdelhamid Mellouk, Brice Augustin, и Scott Fowler. 2016. «QoE Power-Efficient Multimedia Delivery Method for LTE-A». IEEE Systems Journal 10 (2): 749–60. https://doi.org/10.1109/JSYST.2015.2435994.
Neves, Pedro, Kostas Pentikousis, Susana Sargento, Marlia Curado, Paulo Simes, и Francisco Fontes. 2009. «Novel WiMAX Scenarios for Future Broadband Wireless Access Networks». В WiMAX Evolution, под редакцией Marcos D. Katz и Frank H.P. Fitzek, 45–67. Chichester, UK: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. https://doi.org/10.1002/9780470740118.ch3.
Wonjae Shin, Jung-Ryun Lee, и Hyun-Ho Choi. 2013. «Energy-Delay Tradeoff Analysis and Enhancement in LTE Power-Saving Mechanisms». В 2013 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics (ICCE), 11–12. Las Vegas, NV: IEEE. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCE.2013.6486772.
Yang, Chun-Chuan, Jeng-Yueng Chen, Yi-Ting Mai, и Ching-Hsiang Liang. 2015. «Adaptive Load-Based and Channel-Aware Power Saving for Non-Real-Time Traffic in LTE». EURASIP Journal on Wireless Communications and Networking 2015 (1): 215. https://doi.org/10.1186/s13638-015-0435-x.
Yang, Chun-Chuan, Jeng-Yueng Chen, Yi-Ting Mai, и Chung-Che Yu. 2014. «Load-Based Power Saving in IEEE 802.16j Multi-Hop Relay Networks». Wireless Personal Communications 77 (3): 1885–1903. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11277-014-1614-5.
